hi I'm Sarah from the good food magazine
and I'm going to show you how to make a
winter pins punch where who likes pins
oh yes very much
yeah good Corina yep what's your
favorite cocktail Corina
that's quite nice plastic cranberries
nice job what you drinking this summer
do you drink pins or not much so
occasionally okay well so no I don't
know because I always have a bottle of
pins in my cupboard and I use it for
like two months of the year and then it
festers for the other ten months of the
year so this is like a winter pins
version nice and cold have it over lots
of ice like in the summer but with some
more wintery flavors in it so I've got
loads of apple juice and then I'm gonna
go in with some pins obviously so I've
got about one and a half liters of apple
juice and then I want about 500 mil of
Pimm's I think I'm gonna guesstimate it
so it's quite like the traditional ratio
you do four pins anyway can you read it
on the packet it normally tells you kind
of one two three so I've got kind of one
part pins 3 parts apple juice if you
want it fizzy you could use fizzy apple
juice or something like that and then
I'm going in with some brandy so this is
a really nice wintery kicked it warm you
up in the winter basically who has ninja
beer with their pins in the summer are
you a lemonade person I do lemonade I've
never tried it with ginger beer that's a
good idea it's nice it's really nice so
my family we do yeah like two parts
lemonade one pot ginger beer one part
Pimm's so nice so you could have ginger
and apple in here or anything like that
we've got a bit brandy dough so again
another five hundred mils
if brandy isn't your thing then honestly
just leave it out because the pin buckle
combinations nice anyway I'm gonna get
loads of ice in here this is where you
need one of those fancy American fridges
with the ice maker don't you know
otherwise you've got a kind of race home
from the supermarket with it sort of
melting in the boot of the car right
though device and then some orange
slices so basically I'm just adding some
of the classic flavors you might have
with mulled wine and also nice seasonal
things that around at Christmas time
some cinnamon sticks they're not going
to add too much flavor because this is
cold but they look really pretty and
then some Apple I'm gonna cut the Apple
a bit differently so I've got really
nice small red apple here I'm gonna
leave the skin on for color and then I'm
gonna cut it into rings I go through a
little bit I'm looking for a Christmas
star hang on a minute
I've got this really good Apple which
doesn't have any pips but here we go
can you see that I'm a-gonna a Christmas
star if you go through the round yes
just a different way of cutting it looks
fancy I think I bet your guests will be
like anyone throwing any Christmas
parties any Christmas drinks parties
well we always go to friends on
Christmas morning and you kind of take
things along with you yeah I mean this
is only in our own Street so we all shot
along with our packets of things and
jokes of things yeah maybe something
like that could go exactly event and
it's in the street you don't need to
transport
that's a nice you know yes don't need to
go anywhere you wouldn't want to drive
if you were drinking these with you and
it's Christmas so let's I can't get all
my Apple in I've been far too generous
with the pins I think that's going some
more apple slices so Carina is this
something that you might try it's not
kind of short and sharp like like a
cosmopolitan but sort of a long-term
dream sort of branding what else you
could use like a cherry liqueur or if
you really like cranberry you could swap
the apple juice or cranberry juice so
loads of lovely cranberry juice in with
your pins leave out the brandy or add a
glug of kind of June or something like
that or if you can get cranberry vodka
have you seen that it's really nice be
nice it's clear but um it's got a really
strong flavor of cranberries then you
could go in with that still go with the
apples and the orange and the cinnamon
sticks and stuff but if cranberries are
flavor you love and it's really
Christmassy and would make a nice color
so let's see if I can get some more
Apple in
has everyone got pins in their cupboard
we say we had yes I know
leftover from the summer penny but we
didn't how much of us on the dinner so
we did got quite a lot left I stocked up
on pins with the Jubilee and then I
think I've got about four bottles yeah
so there we go gorgeous big jug of
winter Pimm's a great way to do
something summery but with a winter
twist use up things you've probably got
hanging around your store cupboard since
the end of August so this is my winter
take on a Pimm's punch
you